content/presentation/_index.md, before:

---
author: Mrudula Arunkumar
cascade:
  author: Mrudula Arunkumar #makes me the author for all the posts
  show_author_byline: true
  show_comments: true
  show_post_date: true
  sidebar:
    show_sidebar_adunit: false
    text_link_label: ""
    text_link_url: ""
description: "List of presentations (talks and posters) that I have presented so far. \n"
layout: list-sidebar #check for other options in the hugo blogpost by AH
show_author_byline: true
show_button_links: false
show_post_date: true
show_post_thumbnail: true
sidebar:
  author: Mrudula Arunkumar
  description: "This is a fully featured blog that supports categories,\ntags, series,
    and pagination. Even this sidebar offers \na ton of customizations.\n\nCheck out
    the _index.md file in the /blog folder \nto edit this content. \n"
  show_sidebar_adunit: true
  text_link_label: ""
  text_link_url: ""
  title: A Sidebar for Your Thoughts
thumbnail_left: true
title: Talks & Posters
---

** No content below YAML for the blog _index. This file provides front matter for the listing page layout and sidebar content. It is also a branch bundle, and all settings under `cascade` provide front matter for all pages inside blog/. You may still override any of these by changing them in a page's front matter.**

#for each blogpost create a folder and useful tip is to add a date
#all the posts need to be in markdown format and you can modify this using .RProfile

Commit message:

adding that blog is the type for presentations

content/presentation/_index.md, after:

---
type: project
cascade:
  type: project
author: Mrudula Arunkumar
cascade:
  author: Mrudula Arunkumar #makes me the author for all the posts
  show_author_byline: true
  show_comments: true
  show_post_date: true
description: "List of presentations (talks and posters) that I have presented so far. \n"
layout: list #check for other options in the hugo blogpost by AH
show_author_byline: true
show_button_links: false
show_post_date: true
show_post_thumbnail: true
sidebar:
  author: Mrudula Arunkumar
  description: "This is a fully featured blog that supports categories,\ntags, series,
    and pagination. Even this sidebar offers \na ton of customizations.\n\nCheck out
    the _index.md file in the /blog folder \nto edit this content. \n"
  show_sidebar_adunit: true
  text_link_label: ""
  text_link_url: ""
  title: A Sidebar for Your Thoughts
thumbnail_left: true
title: Talks & Posters
---

** No content below YAML for the blog _index. This file provides front matter for the listing page layout and sidebar content. It is also a branch bundle, and all settings under `cascade` provide front matter for all pages inside blog/. You may still override any of these by changing them in a page's front matter.**

#for each blogpost create a folder and useful tip is to add a date
#all the posts need to be in markdown format and you can modify this using .RProfile
